Notes on CB Wiki sections - Mattybraps
Appointment Drop Offs
How to intake a service appointment when it comes into the shop
Mentioning that customers take any accessories with them! I.e. locks, helmets, clip on fenders, lights etc…
Special Orders
ETAs and Timing
Might mention when to special order a part for pickup, and special order a part for a work order. (i.e. if we’re installing the part for the customer, create a workorder. Trying to avoid the workorders that say “contact customer when part arrives to setup an install” where possible)
Could also add a rough estimate for SO’d parts coming from the west coast JBI/QBP warehouses.
How to take a special order for a Work Order
Sometimes I find that the price in Lightspeed doesn’t match the MSRP from the dealer’s website. It might be a good idea to mention checking that the two prices match and changing the one in LS to match, especially if we’re ordering it from the dealer.
Customer Profiles
Best practices
I usually check to see if there’s a customer profile that already exists by asking if the customer has had work done here before, then searching by phone number instead of by name.
Bike Sales
Checkout Procedure
For OTD’s that aren’t leaving with the customer, workorders can be made using the “/otd” command with text blaze and filled in by the salesperson.
Could also add a section for how to handle a test ride. (i.e. where test ride helmets are, taking ID’s, where to recommend customers ride etc…)
Work Order Basics
Hook in/out
Should include why we put a dollar amount in Hook out, i.e. the importance of tracking daily repair totals. 
Could also add to write labor totals on the paper “next-appointment” calendar. Though this is mostly for service writers creating appointments.

General/Misc
Adding a section on how to handle warranty claims?
Adding a section on clipboard repair etiquette?
When to take in a clipboard repair
What info goes where
When a repair justifies a digital workorder
Converting clipboard repairs to digital workorders (mostly for service writers)
Adding a section about SRO parts, (where to find them, where to put them, and how to handle bins)?
Adding an opening an closing procedure section?
Keeping service department clean and where tools live for sales
Adding a section on the numbered hook system? (this one might not be necessary, it’s pretty obvious lol)
Where sales hooks / employee bike hooks are downstairs






Appt Intake: Took me a second to realize this is about receiving an existing appt. Might be something with the title or formatting it as a list to make this more obvious? I think the images could be improved if the area in question was highlighted (I can help with the graphic design element if needed). Maybe redundant but reminding people to ask or try alternative spellings or partial words in the search function is helpful. Maybe include a suggestion to briefly review the ticket and due date to make sure expectations are set well.

Gift cards: make sure I’m right about this but I think if you scan the barcode when generating a gift card it will press enter and move on to the sale without giving you the option to set the amount. Your instructions should indicate to select the gift card amount first, just to be safe.

Checking out: this article should be higher up on the list, maybe among the 1st articles? Mention how to adjust quantity and about discount rules? Talk about how to split payment types.

Deposits: doesn’t explicitly say anything about taking deposits for regular old sales items.

Purchase Orders: after the line- “check the items agains the packing slip…” might be helpful to mention: the packing slip is only good enough to verify what the vendor thinks they shipped us, but that should also be checked against the PO in case there is a discrepancy between what we recorded in the PO and what the Vendor invoiced us for. When you say “check that the cost of the item in Lightspeed matches…” any instructions on what to do if they don’t match?

Online orders: this should be more descriptive or explicit that it refers to online BIKE orders.